1:
	a:	ClassId
	b:	one-to-many. because each student has one and only one class he could be in, and one class can be used by a lot of students

2:
	a:	CourseId
	b:	one-to-one. because each class can has only one course that can be study in the class in that time

3:
	a:	no
	b:	to my opinion, his main goal is to connect extra hours to the right lecturer.
		and it's important, because i have to had an extra table for a this specific job,
		because not every one must have this extra hours and if add that table to the regular hours table it may cause of a lot NULL values and not useful rows.
	c:	many-to-many. it's helped during this table connect and show the connection between the lecturer and his class he should study in.

4:
	a:	i need to find the unique column of this course. after that, i need to sort (in the table of all students) by the unique ID. and print the result

	b:	step_1: go to the table of all courses, find the ID of the right course that you looking for.
		step_2: go to the table of all student, and sort by the ID that you have to get all the right student
		srep_3: print all the name of the student we get in step 2

5:
	a:	i need to find the unique column of this building. after that, i need to sort
		(in the table that we can see the connection between the building and the lecturers) by the unique ID. and print the result

	b:	step_1: go to the table of all classes, find the ID of the right building that you looking for.
		step_2: go to the table of study_hours, and sort by the ID that you have to get all the right class_Id
		srep_3: print all the name of the lecturers we get in step 2

6:
	a:	i need to find which class this student in. after that, i need to sort by the unique ID in the table of all the hours of this student.
	 	and find what the ID of the teacher in this class. and print his name 

	b:	step_1: go to the table of all students, find the classID of the right student that you looking for.
		step_2: go to the table of all study_hours, and sort by the ID that you have to get all the right lecturersId
		srep_3: print the name of the lecture we get in step 2